
Supplies needed: 2x Combination SDI/Power cable, 2x camera (Red & Blue), 2x tripod, 2x camera power cable, gaff tape.

1. Retrieve two tripods from the [[FRC/FRC-AV/index#Equipment Locations and Storage Descriptions|AV Case]]. Because of their small size, the tripods may also be located in one of the [[FRC/FRC-AV/index#Equipment Locations and Storage Descriptions|AV totes]]. 
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the small tripods in bags.%%
2. Retrieve two combination SDI/Power cables. These cables have braided sleeves on the outside.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the combination power/SDI cables.%%
3. Retrieve two camera power cables. There are two types of camera power cables in use, as pictured below. 
	%%TODO: Get a photo of each type of camera power cable.%%
4. Retrieve the two alliance cameras from the [[FRC/FRC-AV/index#Equipment Locations and Storage Descriptions|Storage Case]]'s Camera drawer.
5. Determine where the alliance cameras are going to be placed. The specifications vary from year to year, so check with the Equipment Manager on where the cameras should go.
6. Run one cable to each location, placing cables out of walkways or using cable ramps where crossing a walkway is required.

> [!NOTE]+ Camera Power Cable Polarity
> The camera power cables will only go one way. The side of the cable with the plastic protruding from the metal housing goes "out" from the Streaming Unit, i.e., towards the camera. The side of the cable with metal pins recessed inside the metal housing goes "in" to the Streaming Unit, i.e., towards the streaming unit. When running the cable, make sure to run with the correct side going in the intended direction.
> %%TODO: Get a photo of both sides of the cable and annotate them with the gist of the above text.%%

7. Place the cameras on the tripods and raise them if necessary. 
8. Connect the four-pin camera power connections together.
	%%TODO: Get a photo showing the power connection.%%
9. Connect the SDI cable to the SDI output on the camera.
	%%TODO: Get a photo showing the SDI connection.%%
10. Connect the circular power connector to the camera.

> [!warning] Fragile Connectors!
> The camera's power connector will only go on in one position. Apply **light force only** and rotate the power connector until it attaches in the correct position. Applying too much force may bend the pins on the camera.

11. Use the gaff tape to tape the cables to the tripod, leaving a little slack to avoid tugging on the camera.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of camera with cables taped to the tripod.%%
12. Verify focus and positioning of cameras on the Streaming Unit by checking the scenes and images on OBS. Adjust if necessary. Focus is adjusted by rotating the outer ring of the lens.

Stage 2b is complete. [[2c. Cable Center Camera|Proceed to stage 2c.]]