Supplies needed: Projector screen case, projector box. 

1. Unpack components of the screen. There will be one screen frame, two screen legs, and the screen itself in a pouch.
2. Unfold the screen frame. It is the component which has wheels attached to it along lengths of the aluminum tube. Be sure to unfold the frame so that the wheels face the floor.
 
> [!steps]+ Tap to expand/collapse steps on unfolding the screen frame.
> 1. Start by unfolding the screen frame itself lengthwise (in the same direction as all the aluminum tubes run). The screen frame unfolds like the letter "N". Make sure the side of the frame with the wheels faces towards the floor as you do this. Make sure that all joints "click" securely into place.
> 	%%TODO: Get photo of all screen components, with a followup picture of the frame, making sure to show the wheels.
> 	TODO: Get a photo of the frame mid-lengthwise-foldout, showing the "N" shape in unfolding.%%
> 2. With a helper, grab one side of the outermost long aluminum rails. Slowly walk away from each other to unfold the screen frame widthwise. Make sure that all joints "click" securely into place.
> 	%%TODO: Get a photo of the screen's widthwise foldout, at the start and once started.%%
> 3. Make sure all corner braces are locked. They should appear as a continuous piece of metal without any joints.
> 	%%TODO: Get a photo of a corner brace both unlocked and locked.%%

3. Next, unfold each leg. The legs are the components which have plastic keyways attached to them. Be sure to unfold the legs so that the keyways face the ceiling. Do not unfold the feet on the legs yet.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the legs unfolded and facing the proper direction.%%
4. Match the colored tape lines on the legs to the locations on the frame. 
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the colored tape on the frame and legs lining up.%%
5. Slip the leg underneath the frame at the bottom. The bottom is the side closest to the feet when all tape lines are lined up correctly. Locate the stud on the frame into the opening on the keyway on the leg.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the studs at the bottom of the frame going into the keyway (making sure to get tape lines in photo).%%
6. Slip the leg underneath the frame at the top. Locate the stud on the frame into the opening on the keyway on the leg.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the studs at the top of the frame going into the keyway (making sure to get tape lines in photo).%%
7. Slide the leg downwards on the frame, pushing towards the feet of the legs. The leg should slide a few inches into the closed portion of the keyway. 
	%%TODO: Get two photos, one with the studs in the open portion of the keyway (pre-slide) and one with the studs in the closed portion of the keyway.%%
8. Visually verify that each stud has engaged with a keyway securely, then turn the wheels clockwise to secure.
9. Retrieve the screen material from the pouch. With a helper, unfold the screen with the front side facing up. In this orientation, the buttons around the side and top perimeters of the screen have their openings facing the floor. The bottom of the screen material has button openings facing in both directions, as well as the manufacturer's logo.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the bottom side of the sides and/or top buttons, and a photo of the bottom corner of the screen with the manufacturer logo.%%

> [!warning] Avoid Screen Contamination or Damage
> The front side of the screen should not be allowed to touch the floor, as it can result in dirt or contamination being left on the screen. 

10. Attach the buttons on the screens to the studs on the screen frame. It is easiest to do this if all four corners are attached first.

> [!NOTE]+ Tips for Screen Attachment Success
> The screen surface is placed under high tension while in operation, thus it will take a high amount of force to attach at some points. If starting with the four corners, bracing your feet against the corner of the screen frame allows you to use your legs to assist in this process. When all four corners are attached first, the rest of the buttons can be *rolled* onto their studs and pressed down, lessening the total amount of force needed for the full process.
11. Unfold the front foot on both legs and lock the brace in position. The front foot faces the ceiling while the screen is lying down.
12. With a helper on the other leg, slowly tip the screen up. As you lift, step on the back foot to ensure it stays on the ground. 
13. Keep one hand on the screen leg and use the other hand to lock the back brace into position once the screen is upright. Tighten the knob in the center of the leg to secure the screen into position.