---
draft: "true"
---

Supplies needed: Audio Box, Sound Board, IEC Power Cable, tripod, 2x standard SDI cable, Fin Antenna, 2x short antennas.
1. Retrieve the [Audio Box](FRC-AV/index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions) and place it on top of the [Streaming Unit](FRC-AV/index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions).
	%%TODO: Get photo of two boxes stacked on each other.%%
2. Remove the front and back covers from the Audio Box.
	%%TODO: Get side-on photo of hinging mechanism, and photo of covers removed.%%
> [!NOTE] Audio Box Orientation
> The "top" of the audio box is the side which has the "front" and "back" labels written on it. When opening the case with the top facing up, the bottom of the covers are held in place with a hinge mechanism that requires sliding the covers downwards to remove. Slide the audio box towards the edge of the Streaming Unit so that this can be accomplished more easily.
3. Locate the sound board and place in an accessible location. It is located in [Case 26](FRC-AV/index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions).
	%%TODO: Get photo of sound board.%%
4. Locate two cables in the back of the audio box: a 4-cable bundle of microphone cables, and a power cord.
	%%TODO: Show both cables dangling out of audio box.%%
5. Verify the large rocking power switch on the front of the audio box is in the off position. Plug the power cord into a power outlet on the Streaming Unit.
6. Retrieve an IEC power cable. Several are packed with each field and they may be present in Case 26, the drawers on the Streaming Unit, or in the Power A/V tote. Plug it into the sound board, getting the power from the Streaming Unit as well. 
7. Retrieve a tripod from Case 26 and place it behind the A/V setup (towards the field). Using one of the lightweight non-adjustable tripods is recommended.
	%%TODO: Show small tripod set up.%%
8. Retrieve the fin antenna from the larger drawer in the audio box and attach it to the tripod. Aim the shorter end of the fin antenna at the field. The antenna should point over as large a swath of the field as possible. The antenna can be placed away from the A/V setup if required.
	%%TODO: Get photo of fin antenna on tripod.%%
9. Retrieve two shorter antennas from the drawers in the audio box or the Streaming Unit. Connect these antennas to the exposed ports on each side of the fin antenna. Point the antennas straight out from the sides (i.e., do not bend the antennas at a right angle).
	%%TODO: Get photo of fin antenna with straight-out whip antennas on tripod.%%
10. Retrieve two standard SDI cables from the SDI A/V tote. These cables should not be sleeved and should only have one connector.
11. Connect one end of each SDI cable to the antenna ports located on the front of the audio box. Connect the other end to the hidden antenna connectors on the fin antenna. It does not matter which port is connected to which in this setup.
	%%TODO: Get photo of SDI cables connected to front antenna ports. Get photo showing the side flap open of the antenna with the two input SDI cables attached.%%

> [!NOTE] Check That Antenna Ports Are Connected
> Some setup personnel disconnect the front antenna ports due to aesthetic preferences. Verify that the ports on the front of the audio box are connected by visually inspecting from the back side of the audio box. The cable coming from the other side of the antenna port should connect directly into the large rack-mount equipment on top to the ports labeled "ANT A" or "ANT B", as seen below. Connect the cables to these ports if this is not how the equipment has arrived.

%%TODO: Get photo (and annotate it) of cables internally coming from the front ports to the antenna ports on the distribution system.%%
12. Power on the rack by flipping the large power switch to the On position. Verify that all four receivers light up.
%%TODO: Get photo of all receivers lit up.%%