Supplies needed: Streaming Unit (includes monitor), mouse and keyboard (inside Storage Case), 1x power/HDMI bundle cable, 1x twist-lock power cable, 1x power strip.
1. Retrieve 1 power strip from the power [[FRC/FRC-AV/index#Equipment Locations and Storage Descriptions|AV tote]].
2. Wheel the Storage Case and the Streaming Unit into the same rough location for ease of assembly.
3. Open the streaming unit's covers, setup the integrated table and carefully remove the monitor inside.

> [!steps]+ Tap to expand/collapse detailed steps on removing the Streaming Unit's covers.
> - Remove the back cover of the Streaming Unit. The top edges of the case are labeled as to which side they are (front or rear).
>   %%TODO: Get a photo of a label on the streaming unit cases (front top/rear top).%%
> - Unfold the legs of the table top, then secure with the screw and wing nut.
> - Locate the pins on the side of the table into the corresponding slots on the Streaming Unit. %%TODO: Get a photo of table prongs in the slots on the streaming unit.%%
> - Now remove the front cover, taking care that the monitor mounted inside does not contact anything forcefully. Lay the cover against something sturdy and ensure that it won't easily fall.
> %%TODO: Get a photo of the monitor mounted in the case.%%

4. Grab the back of the monitor and carefully remove, placing it on the table surface.
5. Connect the monitors to the Streaming Unit and the Streaming Unit to power. Be sure to use a power strip in the UPS's free outlet so multiple devices can be connected.

> [!steps]+ Tap to expand/collapse detailed steps on connecting monitors to the Streaming Unit.
>-  Locate the power/HDMI cable bundle and one twist lock power connector. They should be located in the bottommost drawer of the Storage Case, but may be located in one of the [AV totes](FRC/FRC-AV/index.md#Equipment%20Locations), depending on who last packed the equipment. 
>- Plug the power strip into the one free power outlet on the UPS unit at the bottom of the Streaming Unit.
>%%TODO: Get a photo of the power strip plugged into the one free outlet. Get a photo of the one free outlet as well.%%
> - Plug the HDMI cable into the "HDMI Monitor Out" HDMI connector and any available power connector on the power strip. Plug these cables into the monitor.
> %%TODO: Get a photo of the HDMI and power plugs at their source and destinations to the monitor.%%


6. Gently push the twist lock power connector into the blue receptacle on the back of the streaming unit, then twist clockwise approximately 90 degrees until there is a click. The yellow tab should face to the left when secured.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of twistlock power plugged in.%%
7. Locate the keyboard and mouse. They are located in the second drawer of the Storage Case.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of the keyboard and mouse.%%
Plug each of these into one of the available back USB connectors.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of USB connectors for KB and mouse plugged in.%%
Stage 1a is complete. [Proceed to stage 1b.](1b.%20Connect%20Network%20Cables.md)
