1. Open the Syncthing interface by navigating to [http://locahost:8384](http://locahost:8384/) (this link will only work on a machine that has Syncthing running).
2. Verify that at least one peer is connected and sync media. 

> [!steps]+ Tap to expand/collapse detailed steps on verifying Syncthing status and initiating a sync. 
>-  Open the web browser and navigate to the URL above.
>%%TODO: Get screenshot of the Syncthing page.%%
> - Check the right-side column labeled "Remote Devices". At least one device in this list needs to have the word "Connected" listed next to it.
> 	- If no devices are listed as "Connected", start by verifying basic Internet connectivity (refer to [[1d. Login to Streaming Unit and Test Connectivity]] or [[1e. Troubleshoot Connectivity Issues]] if necessary). If basic Internet connectivity is present, it is likely that the Syncthing traffic is being blocked by the school's firewalls. If possible, work with venue IT staff to unblock the traffic, otherwise it may be necessary to temporarily utilize a hotspot to circumvent the firewall. Consult with the FTA or Equipment Manager if you believe Syncthing is being blocked. 
> - Click the Rescan All button in the left-side column and verify that some activity occurs on the screen.
> 	- "Some activity" typically involves a blue progress bar appearing in the same column area for at least a second or two. It should not do nothing and immediately report that all folders are up to date. If this occurs, there are likely no remote devices available; refer to the previous bullet point.
> 	%%TODO: If possible, get a screenshot of Syncthing progress bar.%%

Stage 1f and Track 1 is complete! Typically, the next step is to carry out [stage 2a](2a.%20Mount%20Center%20Camera.md).