Equipment needed: Chesapeake Router, A/V power strip, Ethernet roll/spool, short Ethernet cable, long Ethernet cable.
1. Locate the Chesapeake Router box. It will be located in the A/V equipment in [Case 26](index.md#Equipment%20Locations) and is a blue Linksys router.
	%% TODO: Get photo of Linksys router box in Case 26) %%
2. Locate an A/V power strip. It will be located in the [AV tote](index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions) marked Power.
	%% TODO: Get photo of power tote w/ power strip. %%
3. Plug the Linksys router power adapter into one of the outlets of the power strip, which is plugged into the bottom of the Streaming Unit.
	%% TODO: Get a photo of the router plugged into power strip plugged into streaming unit. %%
4. Retrieve the Ethernet roll. It will be located in the [AV tote](index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions) marked Ethernet (large spool).
5. If venue Ethernet has not been located, work with Equipment Manager and/or venue personnel to locate. Run cable from venue location to Streaming Unit.
6. Plug venue Ethernet into "Internet" port on Chesapeake Router.
	%% TODO: Get a photo of venue plugged into internet port. %%
7. Plug a short Ethernet cable (from [AV tote](index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions) marked Ethernet) from any of the four LAN ports to the "Internet Input" port on the Streaming Unit.
	%%TODO: Get a photo of cable plugged between router & internet in port.%%
8. Plug a long Ethernet cable (from [AV tote](index.md#Equipment%20Locations%20and%20Storage%20Descriptions) marked Ethernet) from a port on the FMS scoring switch to the "FMS In" port on the Streaming Unit.
	%%TODO: Get two photos: of cable plugged into scoring switch, of cable plugged into FMS port.%%
Stage 1b is complete. Proceed to [Stage 1c](1c.%20Start%20Up%20Streaming%20Unit.md).